Fixed bug with adding a shot vector (#2028)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  through the `unitary_to_rot` optimization transform.
  [(#2015)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2015)

* Fixes a bug which allows using `jax.jit` to be compatible with circuits 

>   which return `qml.probs` when the given device is provided a custom shot 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  which return `qml.probs` when the `default.qubit.jax` is provided with a custom shot 
```
